All righty,
so all of our development work is done.
I simply want to add some consult.logging here
when the user clicks on the purchase button
on our checkout form.
All righty, so let's swing back into our IDE.
Let's open up checkout component.ts.
I'll just scroll to the top.
Make sure that you're in this checkout component
at the moment.
Then I'll move down here to the on submit button
and I simply want to add some new logging statements here.
I'm going to log out the actual selected country code,
and also the country name.
So I'll do a little simple copy paste here.
And I'll say the shipping address country is,
and so I'll just do a get
on that shipping address form group.value.
Okay, not state name, .country name.
Simply displaying the country on this line.
And then I just did a little copy paste on this line
and so the shipping address state is...
Okay, and so now I can say state.name.
Okay.
Got it.
Excellent.
So right now we do a submit or a purchase,
it'll display the country name and also the state name.
So I'll just swing back into my app here,
so for shipping address
I'll choose a country, Turkey,
and I'll choose a state,
and then I'll simply move on down
and choose the purchase button.
And then I can go look at my console log
and we see the shipping address,
country is turkey, and the shipping
address state is Aksaray.
All right.
So that part is good
but, oo!
I noticed up top there is a bug
form group name country code TR
group name TR,
but where did the form group name happen?
Hmm?
Weird.
What's up with that?
And that happens in the method down here for get states.
Oh!
Typo!
Gosh.
I forgot the dollar sign so that's why
it was doing form group name in curly braces
'cause it didn't know it was anything special.
Ah!
Okay, great.
Let's save that,
go back over to our app
and just test this one more time.
So country of India,
okay good, good, good.
So, we're in good standings here.
That issue's been resolved
and we're A-OK.
Good job.